alter .z.pp .z.ph details (#234)
KxSystems/docs: docs/ref/dotz.md

`.z.ph` is passed a single argument, a 2-item list `(requestText;requestHeaderAsDictionary)`:

- `requestText` is parsed in `.z.ph` – detecting special cases like requests for CSV, XLS output – and the result is returned to the calling task.
- `requestHeaderAsDictionary` contains a dictionary of [HTTP header](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_HTTP_header_fields) names and values as sent by the client. This can be used to return content optimized for particular browsers.

> The function should return a string representation of a HTTP response message e.g. [HTTP/1.1 response message format](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HTTP#HTTP/1.1_response_messages).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The function returns a string representation of an HTTP response message e.g. [HTTP/1.1 response message format](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HTTP#HTTP/1.1_response_messages).
```

> Since V3.6 and V3.5 2019.11.13 the default implementation will call [`.h.val`](doth.md#hval-value) instead of [`value`](value.md), allowing users to interpose their own valuation code. It is called with `requestText` as the argument.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since V3.6 and V3.5 2019.11.13, the default implementation calls [`.h.val`](doth.md#hval-value) instead of [`value`](value.md), allowing users to interpose their own valuation code. It is called with `requestText` as the argument.
```
